either play the pasta to smell the
please if you please that's upon magenta
cheese so I baking you enemy seats he
[Music]
Harry
we used a one-piece one bag of these
driving it's about sick it's a 16-ounce
1-pound bag Jackrabbit great northern
beans do that with the night time you
take the cold water it but just a bridge
is said the good no just I gotta wash we
let these being sit overnight and just
call water without them so that's
nothing generous now you should know the
golly it probably is definitely
interested
what do we got there maybe this great we
got some Bailey's there okay it's gonna
get loud rip that's your problem with
this but kind of use the bay leaves in
there
hey guys would one bishop a lake you
know that's it
we're gonna cut it up
we're gonna let it boil
yeah well God would be a treasure to
stuff all right a little bit of salt in
there
all right so we got it the we just had a
tomato sauce the bread pack and then
okay we also just added some olive oil
here about what two tablespoons three
tablespoons about two three tablespoons
of olive oil we just mixed in there look
at that step it mixed it again we mixed
everything in there about three
tablespoons of the oil and we mix that
all in there
we did this after about thirty minutes
of it letting it boil and now we are
gonna let
that's the Coco very slow so I can cook
to patients but a very good to
if you cook in the winery has none
it's done
no just cook - to mix it again okay all
right so we're gonna put the pasta on
next is the pasta Jeanne W Jeanne
Dominico new and this is a one-pound box
we're gonna be using the best advice you
must pick Jolie
alright their pasta strainer here I'm
gonna be boiling in just a few moons
thing we just lowered the heat a little
bit on it we're gonna add the pasta now
and then we're gonna put the heat back
up as soon as we put it in there
we tip it off in about 20 minutes and
actually about 20 minutes now we're just
training all the noodles out all right
now we're gonna put the beans in with
the pasta and mix it together
now a lot of other kinds will be more
like a soup this is the thicker time to
pasta fazool then you're stupid
that's the juice and nice you're
dragging no so that'll be plenty go we
have it in a pasta cheese if you please
that's a parmigiana cheese so I beg you
and I beseech heater paid a bustah to
[Music]
all the kids are gonna be fed hurry up
and slice the bread